tracker/app/DialogStageHelper.java
 tracker.app.DialogStageHelper
 tracker.app.DialogStageHelper$Builder
tracker/scenes/userchanges/ChangeUserDialogController.java
 tracker.scenes.userchanges.ChangeUserDialogController
tracker/model/jaxb/UsersWrapper.java
 tracker.model.jaxb.UsersWrapper
tracker/model/activities/SwimActivity.java
 tracker.model.activities.SwimActivity
tracker/scenes/timer/OnTimerTickListener.java
 tracker.scenes.timer.OnTimerTickListener
tracker/utils/TimeUtils.java
 tracker.utils.TimeUtils
tracker/model/User.java
 tracker.model.User
tracker/architecture/BaseViewController.java
 tracker.architecture.BaseViewController
tracker/scenes/users/UsersListPresenter.java
 tracker.scenes.users.UsersListPresenter
tracker/utils/storage/PreferenceStorage.java
 tracker.utils.storage.PreferenceStorage
tracker/resources/LayoutRes.java
 tracker.resources.LayoutRes
tracker/resources/StringRes.java
 tracker.resources.StringRes
tracker/scenes/timer/TimerPresenter.java
 tracker.scenes.timer.TimerPresenter
tracker/model/CaloriesCalculable.java
 tracker.model.CaloriesCalculable
 tracker.model.CaloriesCalculable$ActivityType
tracker/utils/storage/JAXBConverter.java
 tracker.utils.storage.JAXBConverter
tracker/utils/storage/UsersPreferences.java
 tracker.utils.storage.UsersPreferences
tracker/model/activities/BicycleActivity.java
 tracker.model.activities.BicycleActivity
tracker/resources/WindowConstants.java
 tracker.resources.WindowConstants
tracker/model/Task.java
 tracker.model.Task
tracker/app/MainApp.java
 tracker.app.MainApp
tracker/model/activities/RunActivity.java
 tracker.model.activities.RunActivity
tracker/scenes/timer/TimerController.java
 tracker.scenes.timer.TimerController
tracker/scenes/users/UsersListLayoutController.java
 tracker.scenes.users.UsersListLayoutController
